Adds inference readme (#8)
mosaicml/diffusion: diffusion/inference/README.md

# Inference with Diffusion Models on the MosaicML platform

In this folder, we provide an example of how to create and deploy a diffusion model on the MosaicML platform.

You'll find in this folder:

- `inference_model.py` - a custom model class that implements forward logic for a diffusion model
- `mosaic_inference.yaml` - a configuration file that specifies information about the deployment, such as what Docker image to use

## Prerequisites

First, you'll need access to MosaicML's inference service. You can request access [here](https://forms.mosaicml.com/demo).

Once you have access, you just need to install the MosaicML client and command line interface:
```bash
pip install mosaicml-cli
```

# Deploying the Model

> Deploying the model is as simple as running `mcli deploy -f yamls/instructor_model.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying the model is as simple as running `mcli deploy -f yamls/mosaic_inference.yaml`.
```

# Running Inference

> Once the model has successfully been deployed, we can run inference by running `mcli predict <deployment_name> --inputs <input_dictionary>`.

Reviewer: it'd be super helpful to provide a real set of inputs -- i know the other example doesn't have it, but we should add it there too
